Issues #64 and #94 (#137)
vsiakka/gherkin-lint: README.md

}
```

> ### new-line-at-eof

Reviewer: You duplicated this (same documentation exists in line 142). Do you mind deleting it?

`new-line-at-eof` can also be configured to enforcing or disallowing new lines at EOF.
- To enforce new lines at EOF:
```
{
  "new-line-at-eof": ["on", "yes"]
}
```
- To disallow new lines at EOF:
```
{
  "new-line-at-eof": ["on", "no"]
}
```

### no-dupe-scenario-names

> 

Reviewer: You deleted the `no-restricted-tags` rule (probably a merge conflict) documentation. Do you mind re-adding it?

`no-dupe-scenario-names` can be configured to launch the test agains individual features (no duplicate names in single feature files):

```
{
  "no-dupe-scenario-names": ["on", "in-feature"]
}
```

The default use is against all the features (the same scenario name in different files is an error)

```
{
  "no-dupe-scenario-names": "on"
}
```

or

```
{
  "no-dupe-scenario-names": ["on", "anywhere"]
}
```

### scenario-size

> `scenario-size` let specify a maximum step length for the scenarios and the background:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`scenario-size` lets you specify a maximum step length for scenarios and backgrounds. The `Scenario` configuration applies to both scenarios and scenario outlines:
```
